ame
Satoshi Igarashi Design
Casa Nord Mother Susumu
Architect raised in snowy Hokkaido land
Yuki Igarashi
A house designed by him who knew by convention
It's this mother Nord
This house that gathered wisdom to spend comfortably even in the cold district on the theme of the north house
We set up a wind room which is indispensable in northern country at the entrance
The wall uses high-performance insulation panel made by fp Corporation
While ensuring high thermal insulation and sound insulation
Vertical windows are randomly placed
For the layout of the window, I use a high insulation panel called fp panel.
The mom-dono sequences, such as no loss based on the allocation or rather its panel of the module
It is said that the windows are arranged at random while standing up so as not to be monotonous
I think it is a feature
I am
The indoor structure is a studio structure centered on the central pillar
Reduce the damage by setting the height low
A man who is trying to reduce the heating and cooling load
It appears four of room to and climb the stairs to the center of the hole as a starting point
By placing the call vertically and horizontally, it is possible to create a floor plan that makes the best use of floor space.
At the same time, this little boy has another role
Although you can see and get a look at on this
It is that louver-like floor and the air is very easy to move on the floor
That top light is on, and when you split the wilderness of the light and come in this way , the central part is
And in order to avoid Well it in easy to darken Te comparison is with now top light
After Well this the movement of the wind
Easy to make
Ms. Udo 's performance is not only northern countries
That is also something to be able to live comfortably Oite to any location
And in its comfortable box
The idea of a creator who wants a small family society to be connected calmly is everywhere
Being